Add docs for lazy loading (#9995)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/02_Developer_Guides/14_Files/02_Images.md

      Quality: 90
```

### Lazy Loading

> Images will be [lazy loaded](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Performance/Lazy_loading) by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images added via the WYSIWYG editor and as objects on templates are [lazy loaded](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Performance/Lazy_loading) by default.
```

> To disable lazy loading for an individual image, you can call `$MyImage.LazyLoad(false)`.

Reviewer: Specify that this is only for templates

Author: What do you mean?

You could technically call this via PHP as well.
Rendering-wise it currently only works with templates, but that's kind of obvious?

Reviewer: You could make a quick mention that images inserted via the WYSIWYG are handled differently i.e. you cannot disable lazyloading on them by calling LazyLoad(false)

I know it's seems kind of obviousus, though we have plenty of context on this whole thing, whereas other developers reading these docs probably will not

> You can opt out of lazy loading globally by setting the `Image::lazy_loading_enabled` config to `false`.

Reviewer: Provide yml that devs can copy paste in to their project as a code block
